Location: Somewhere on the far fringes of the sector
Date: Present day

When your world fell, ruined by a planet-killer class plague bomb, you fled. Weapons disabled, you crammed every hold and corridor of your blessed flagship with refugees. While a valiant group of martyrs stayed behind to hold off the Hegemony pursuers, you carried your precious cargo to a new home: the captured Domain-era star fortress Requiem, hauled to a new orbit around the cold and dark corpse of a dead star far on the fringes of the sector core.

With your sacred duty thus discharged, you left the last survivors of your once-great nation there to build new lives. You had a different mission: Casting off once more into the vast blackness of space, you vowed revenge. Revenge against the Domain, who sent your people off to die amongst the stars, far from the benevolent gaze of the Watchers. Revenge against the Hegemony, who invaded the home you had built for yourselves, and now enslave the hundreds of millions of souls who were not able to escape in time. Revenge against the Tri-Tachyon corporation, who developed the technology and built the weapons that allowed them to best your Holy Fleet in combat. And revenge against the rest of the sector, who stood by idly and allowed it to happen.

In the cycles since you have struck many blows against your enemies and gathered the resources necessary to repair what remains of your Holy Fleet. But now, jumping into an unexplored system to make a quick disappearance after your latest attack, it appears the favor of the Watchers may have run out. On the long-range scanners: Hostile contacts, already in-system. Not a Hegemony ambush, but an AI battlefleet created during the First AI War and left to grow here like a cancer.

A cancer you will excise.

You input the go-codes and command your crew to battle stations. The blips on your screen multiply, hostile dronecraft spewing forth from the maws of autonomous carrier ships like a pestilence. Turning to face your bridge officers, you raise your golden mask for a moment in salute - and one by one, they each do likewise, allowing you to gaze upon their faces for a brief moment before turning back to their consoles and marking their stations ready for combat.

You are the purifying light of the Watchers' gaze and the last hope for revenge of a dying people. While you live, the Theocracy has not yet fallen. You will destroy these faithless thinking machines and live to strike against the enemies of the Kadur again, and again, and again.

Until there is nothing left of them but dust.