Location: Mirage system jump point, Hyperspace
Date: 196.10.15

For nearly two hundred cycles, the Kadur Theocracy has stood proudly against the Hegemony. For nearly two hundred cycles, they have jealously defended their system, the Mirage-Truth binary, and the twin worlds within it that they call their home. From the gilded cathedral-palaces of Kadur, to the bustling cities and bazaars of the garden world Oasis, to the hive-docks of Star Fortress Requiem, the rich yet insular people of the Theocracy have lived their lives in more or less unbroken peace. Until now.

Spurred by increasing pressures following the Second AI War, the High Strategium of the Hegemon has revised its analysis of invading the Theocracy. Where before they were content to let it lie on their borders, pressuring it occasionally with skirmishing forces and spies, they now claim a different strategy: The people of Chicomoztoc must be fed. Oasis must be taken, and Kadur must fall.

Following the dispatch of an elite reconnaissance force, nearly lost to a Kadur combat patrol but rescued by the heroic actions - at least in the eyes of the Hegemony - of one Force Commander Reginald P. Linux, the High Strategium had acquired sufficient information on the Theocracy's force disposition to authorize a full assault on the system. An invasion force was raised, and before the cycle was out, set off through hyperspace bound for Mirage-Truth. 

The Hegemony vanguard force approached the jump point seemingly unnoticed by the system's defenders. Capital ships and heavy cruisers in the trademark colors of the XIV battlegroup, the Hegemony's elite, took up their positions as the head of the spear in an assault on Kadur. But they were not so safe as they had originally thought. Thanks to the discovery and routing of the Hegemony elite reconnaissance team in the system's outer reaches some months before, the Theocracy's strategists and fleet command had had time to plan, and lay an ambush. The first Hegemony ship through the jump was wrecked instantly, hull pierced through in multiple places by pre-targeted Kadur mass drivers. The next three were no luckier.

Alerted by the lack of communication from the now-lost vessels, the Hegemony commander rallied his fleet into a defensive formation around the jump point. A communique was transmitted to the oncoming invasion force still more than a full day's burn out, urgently requesting further orders. Before a response could be received the point rippled into life once more, the tan hull of a Kadur battlecarrier charging forth into the roiling unspace, disgorging fighters and strike corvettes as it flew. 

You are Cardinal Avengant Osman Abbas III, commanding the Kadur counterattack through the jump point into hyperspace. Your flagship - the KHS Holy Sword - is one of the mightiest vessels the Kadur Theocracy is able to construct, with excellent performance against the ponderous heavy vessels and unshielded strike craft of the Hegemony. As the thunderous recoil of its cannons shakes your bridge, you grip the edge of your command console with grim intent. Your bridge crew stands at their stations, brass and ivory masks impassive as they regard the forces arrayed against you and the longscan beeps urgently, warning of the oncoming hostile fleet proper. Your cleric-adjutant turns to you expectantly, ready to relay your orders.

You have only one to give: 'Destroy the invaders. The Theocracy must be defended. Watchers protect us.'