Location: Stable location, Mirage system outskirts
Date: 196.10.16

The Holy Fleet of the Kadur Theocracy was once the stuff of legend. Hundreds of tan-hulled warships protected by thick armor plating, carried into battle upon pillars of fire from their rear-focused main drive units, armed with devastating mass drivers and long-range missiles. All of it strongpointed by two immense supercapital vessels, KHS-001 'Hand of God' and KHS-002 'Born of Heaven' - the twin Caliph-class superdreadnought fleet flagships of the Kadur Navy. 

Each the equal of dozens of lesser capital ships, the Caliphs posed a formidable obstacle to the Hegemony invasion force as they made their assault on the home system of the Kadur Theocracy. With both superdreadnoughts centrally positioned between the orbits of the Theocracy's two inhabited planets, reinforced by the battlecarriers and heavy cruisers of the entire Kadur Navy, a head-on attack was deemed impossible. 

But the might of a Hegemony grand invasion force is not stopped so easily. While incredibly powerful, the Caliph-class superdreadnoughts were known to have one weakness. Hegemony black-operations agents had reported that the great warships were protected by a powerful dual-layer shield generator, generating both a standard energy field from rotating emitters and an atypical close-projection 'skin shield' - the sheer power and flux-handling requirements of such a defense system necessitated the placement of this generator on the exterior of the ship's hull. If the dreadnought could be separated from its escorts, an agile vessel with a daring captain could take advantage of the colossal warships' lack of maneuverability and position herself behind it, destroying the generator and leaving the hull open to attack.

With this in mind, the Grand Admiral of the Hegemony summoned a war council to his flagship. After several hours of frantic planning and heated debate he emerged to make a pronouncement: A plan had been made. A special operations force would be formed, consisting of hand-picked elite Hegemony destroyer and frigate captains as well as some of the best - and most expensive - mercenaries the Persean Sector had to offer. This flotilla would make a transverse jump to the opposite side of the system, where they would attempt to lure one of the Caliphs away from the central Kadur defensive position - and if possible, destroy it. The invasion force would meanwhile enter the jump point and make a full assault against the remaining dreadnought and the bulk of the Kadur fleet.

You have been hired to lead this mercenary force. Your record is unmarred by defeat - in fact, you have never lost a single ship from under your command. Your price, of course, is commensurately high. Your vessel slips in-system through the barely detectable brane rift of a stable location on the outskirts, a jump you are quite sure nobody else - nor their ships - could have made. The golden light of Mirage floods through your polarized cockpit, casting its hazy glow across your control instruments. You punch the experimental hyper-rift generator, opening a wider tear in realspace just long enough to allow your comrades to follow you in.

In the distance, your long-range scanners pick up the signature of KHS-002's gargantuan drive units spooling to combat power along with a handful of its escorts. You've never taken down a superdreadnought before, but then again, there's a fair chance the Grand Holy Fleet of the Kadur Theocracy has never lost a superdreadnought before either.

You permit yourself a soft grin and a quiet chuckle as you key the comms to your unit, advising them of the incoming force. There's a first time for everything.