Location: Yakchal L4 Trojan Asteroids, Mirage system
Date: 196.02.14

For nearly two hundred cycles, the Kadur Theocrats ruled the Mirage system from their gilded cathedral-palaces. Their cities nestled among the shining sands of Kadur and ringed with fractal garden-canals, rich in natural resources and abundantly supplied with foodstuffs from the garden world of Oasis, the people of Kadur wanted for nothing -- at least nothing they would dare voice.

There was still conflict, of course. The cult-worlds of the Theocrats traced their independence back to a hard-fought and bloody war against Domain colonial security in the immediate wake of the collapse, and the Domain's successors still laid claim to their worlds' bounties. A continual low-grade defensive conflict had been fought against the Hegemony ever since their arrival in the sector, but the Kadur navy was strong and their people insular and isolationist, and the High Strategium had never deemed the risk and cost of a full invasion to be worth the benefits of seizing control of the system.

Until after the Second AI War, when everything changed.

Spurred by increasing population on core worlds such as Chicomoztoc and desperation born from the losses and devastation of war, the High Strategium revised their risk/benefit analysis. An invasion plan was drafted. An elite deep-operations reconnaissance force, fitted with maximum-specification ships and veteran crews, was dispatched. Unfortunately for that elite force, their hiding place amidst the the trojan asteroids in the system's gas giant's L4 point was discovered by a routine Kadur combat patrol, and faced with unexpected resistance, they routed. Breaking the comms blackout, they sent out a distress call that you, waiting in hyperspace around the gravity well of the system's lone ice giant, received. 

You are Force Commander Reginald P. Linux, in command of Hegemony Deep-Operations Task Force 141. It falls to you to rescue this reconnaissance team and recover any data on the system's defenses that they may have managed to acquire. You send an alert to your fleet, powering up weapons systems and calling all hands to battlestations as the hyperspace drives spool for transit. 

Multiple contacts come up on your screen as you make the transverse jump to realspace, appearing in low orbit over the ice giant Yakchal. Kadur reinforcements. You grin as you disengage the combat safeties on your targeting arrays and rotate to the command console, assuming tactical command of your forces. 

Those religious nutjobs in their broken-down ships are no match for the might of a real Hegemony combat fleet. They won't know what hit them.