Location: Yakchal L4 Trojan Asteroids, Mirage system
Date: 196.02.14

The history of the Kadur Theocracy has been marked by intermittent low-intensity conflict with the Hegemony essentially since it came into being. Attracted by the lure of the system's twin habitable worlds, the breadbasket jungle planet of Oasis and the resource-rich and heavily industrialized Kadur, Hegemony reconnaissance flotillas and deep-ops crews are dropped into the outer reaches of the system through transverse jumps and left there to either lay in ambush, or relay information back to their masters at Chicomoztoc.

The Theocracy, of course, is aware of this. It ordains Paladins, one of the lower commissioned ranks in its Holy Fleet, to lead combat patrols around the rim of the system and periodically investigate known hiding places. You, Peiman Abbasid IV, are one such paladin. Assigned command of a handful of destroyers and frigates, you are tasked with patrolling the orbit of the outlying gas giant Yakchal, and sending any encroaching faithless dogs you discover back to the Great Deep from whence they came. While risky, it is a most sought-after position among junior officers.

Your third foray out from the Holy Fleet's naval headquarters at Star Fortress Requiem, a ping comes up on your longscan screen. Muttering a quick invocation to the Watchers, you address your scan officer's comm suite and request a detailed report. Before she can respond, it becomes clear that this is no sensor glitch - your automated systems flag the unmistakable signature of drive fields and flux cores spooling up to combat power as alert klaxons blare, cutting short the ambient devotional hymns previously playing over the ship's public address system.

As the ext-photonic arrays begin to resolve visual details, you catch a glimpse of the hostile flagship as it angles forward on an attack vector. No common reconnaissance team, this - the unmistakable black-white-and-orange of the hull marks the approaching light cruiser as one of the Fourteenth Battlegroup, the elite forces of the godless Hegemony. Should you repel these invaders, your glory in the eyes of the Watchers is assured and you can rely on a quick ascent up the ranks of the Holy Fleet... As long as you survive the encounter.