Location: Kadur orbit, Mirage system
Date: 196.10.17

In c.196, under severe pressure to acquire more resources in the wake of the Second AI War, the High Strategium of the Hegemony drafted an invasion plan targeting the metal-rich desert planet of Kadur and the garden world of Oasis, both located in the Mirage-Truth binary system; home of the Kadur Theocracy. While the Hegemon had long coveted the resources of Kadur and Oasis, the powerful spaceborne navy of the Theocracy had always made the proposition of an invasion untenable - until territories were lost and supply lines cut during the Second AI War, forcing the Hegemony's hand.

On the first day of the invasion, the arriving Hegemony vanguard was stalled at the outsystem jump point by a valiant Kadur counterattack. This allowed the Theocracy time to maneuver the rest of their Holy Fleet into defensive positions around their naval flagships, the twin Caliph-class superdreadnoughts KHS-001 "Hand of God" and KHS-002 "Born of Heaven". With the Caliphs in place, the Kadur were confident they could hold the invaders at bay indefinitely.

On the second day, the Hegemony proved them wrong. The Grand Admiral of the invasion force turned to outside help, employing the services of an elite force of mercenary frigate and destroyer captains who made a risky transverse jump deep within the system. They lured the KHS-002 "Born of Heaven" away from the bulk of the Theocracy's Holy Fleet, and - against all odds - managed to destroy it. The mercenary captain's triumphant transmission was the signal for the Grand Admiral to launch the invasion proper.

The Hegemony forces enter the system at the innermost jump point. Under heavy fire from Kadur mass drivers, battleships and heavy cruisers in the blaze orange livery of the Fourteenth Battlegroup take up their positions as the head of the spear. Arrayed against them, the combined naval forces of the entire Kadur Theocracy. Behind them, thousands of the bravest souls from Chicomoztoc, Jangala, and elsewhere, standing ready at their stations aboard ships tried and tested over millennia of war in service of the Domain and its rightful successor in the Persean Sector: The Hegemony.

It is your leadership, as Grand Admiral of the Hegemony invasion force, that will mark this mission a success or a failure. It is upon your name that the glory of victory will be placed.

You give the order, and battle is joined.