Location: Oasis orbit, Mirage system
Date: 196.10.17

In the chaos of the Collapse, the people of the Mirage-Truth system won their freedom. Seizing the opportunity presented to them by those dark events, they - two disparate colonies, each world a former bitter enemy of the other but sharing many similarities in faith - cast off the chains of their oppressors and commandeered the star fortress placed in orbit over Kadur by the Domain's Colonial Security Forces.

For the next two hundred cycles, the Kadur Theocracy stood proudly against the spread of Hegemony influence. With the rich natural resources of the desert planet Kadur and the abundance of biomaterial produced by the jungle planet Oasis, they built a strong and brilliant nation. With the MPCs and production facilities in the station they had managed to capture, they built a powerful spaceborne navy. And with the twin faiths of their people, they built an insular and xenophobic culture, wary of outsiders. All this served to safeguard their independence - until their enemies came in force.

Even then, with their fleet blown apart by heavy ballistic shells and blasted to slag by thermal pulse cannons, the people of Kadur might have stood strong and unbowed. Even as the assault landers of their ancient enemies descended into their atmosphere atop pillars of flame, they might have fought back, become ungovernable, and over many cycles won their freedom again as they had before. But they never got the chance.

In the chaos of the combat over Kadur, a PK-class bioweapon was fired, by an unknown ship, into the planet's cloud layer. Viral spores choked the world's skies in a thick miasma of yellow-brown death, reproducing quickly in the nitrogen-rich atmosphere and producing intense weather patterns to hasten their spread. Within a matter of hours the hundreds of millions of people who had called the planet home were dead, along with the Theocrats themselves.

The remaining defenders broke and scattered, burning at maximum power for the battlescarred orbital fortress in a last-ditch defensive effort to save the few Theocracy holdouts they still could. Meanwhile, the Hegemony ground assault forces - those that had not already been in-atmosphere and thus caught in the bioweapon's wildfire spread - made full combat speed for the garden world of Oasis, racing evacuation transports hastily dispatched from the remains of the Holy Fleet.

* * *

You are Archimandrite Vesper Umayya III, in command of the Kadur defensive auxiliary force, Oasis parish. Calling upon all the resources available to you, you have managed to pull together only a rag-tag militia of refitted civilian vessels, mercenary auxiliaries, and a few reserve or second-line Kadur vessels - However, most of the Hegemony invasion force's warships were committed to the main thrust of the attack at Kadur, and the numbers look relatively even... for the moment.

Every hyperspace-capable tug you could muster has already left, hauling the captured Domain-era star fortress now holding all that remains of Kadur civil society. The sole remaining Caliph-class superdreadnought KHS-001 Hand of God is prepared to follow them, its damaged weapons systems and combat maneuvering thrusters disabled in order to cram every available corridor and ballast space full of refugees from the jungle world below. You have carefully avoided learning any hint of their destination, knowing you might be captured and tortured for information on their whereabouts. For every second you can hold the invasion force at bay, hundreds more of your people will escape the yoke of tyranny as they flee the system. 

Your death is inevitable, but you intend to make these godless heathens pay for it. Today you are the hand of God in realspace, the avenging angel of righteousness, and your deeds will see you through to Paradise. 

Watchers guide you, Archimandrite. Sell your life as dearly as you can.