Location: Somewhere in the Trans-Antillian Abyss
Date: 200.12.06

They betrayed you. You, Ochre Jane, who once served among the finest mankind had to offer, who once stood proudly beneath the outstretched wings of your fleet's banner - the phoenix of the Fourteenth Battlegroup. Labelled a coward, a traitor, a mutineer. You and your loyal crew were jettisoned unceremoniously in leaking cryopods as your flagship was scuttled to fuel the rest. They laughed at you. It's the last damn thing you remember - the mocking laughter of the Grand Admiral over the comms as one of his aides cracked some stupid joke... Before the acceleration kicked in and everything went black.

Well, the joke's on them. Discovered decades later and enslaved by the dregs of society, you bided your time. You gathered your resources. And over the years, you climbed to the top. You dragged your crew to a derelict station somewhere out in the fringes - one that you had discovered long before but never marked on any map, knowing that eventually this day would come.

Now, many long cycles have passed since the day you shot that so-called 'Pirate King' in his stupid face and led your people - his former crew, and yours - to their new home. Many more since you were hauled frozen, half-dead, and brain-damaged from the wreckage of that cryopod and pressed into service. Even more since you were disgraced and exiled from the Fleet. Your palace-in-exile, a star fortress to rival those above Old Earth itself, is complete. You command an armada of the finest warships available to you, a fitting cohort for one of the last survivors of the Domain's illustrious Fourteenth Battlegroup. The first of your battleships has been successfully produced, a titan which promises to stand unbowed against even the might of an Onslaught, and you stand proudly at its helm.

And now the betrayers who ended your former life have come back for you, these so-called 'Hegemony' dogs wearing the colors of your old comrades like children playing in their fathers' clothes, calling you 'pirate' and 'coward' and worse things besides. But they cannot judge you, none of them fit to so much as gaze upon the sigil of the phoenix that you hold so dear. You're not the traitor. They are - and so were your old comrades, for betraying you and for betraying everything that the banner you served under together stood for by allowing this filth to carry it into battle. 

You would rather die than submit to their 'justice'. But it's not you who will be dying tonight.